VFF - AFC Women’s Football Committee confident #WAC2026 will be catalyst for future growth facebook youtube Register | Login Tiếng Việt English About Us News National Teams National Competitions International Competitions Training Media Gallery Image gallery Video gallery The Law Legal Documents Sponsors News VFF's life Notification Intermediaries Tickets Club Licensing The 9th Congress AFC Women’s Football Committee confident #WAC2026 will be catalyst for future growth The AFC Women’s Football Committee today reinforced its belief in Football Australia and the Local Organising Committee (LOC) to stage the most successful edition of the AFC Women’s Asian Cup™ in history. 30/07/2025 08:59:15 News VFF's life Leading its fourth meeting on the eve of the AFC Women’s Asian Cup Australia 2026™ Final Draw in Sydney, Chairperson Ms. Kanya Keomany emphasised the Committee’s conviction in the potential of the 21st edition of Asia’s flagship women’s national team competition to serve as a catalyst in unlocking the promise of the women’s game across the Continent. Chairperson Ms. Keomany said: “On behalf of the Asian football family, I would like to convey our appreciation to Football Australia and the LOC for their impeccable planning and delivery thus far. We applaud them for their commitment towards organising a spectacular showpiece that will not only elevate the women’s game but also establish the gold standard for future editions of the AFC Women’s Asian Cup™. “We wish all our 12 teams the very best of success ahead of tomorrow’s draw and in their preparation ahead of the Finals in March, and we look forward to a true celebration that will engage the millions of passionate fans like never before.” Turning its attention to another game-changer in women’s football, the Committee also approved the principles of the titleholder slot in the AFC Women’s Champions League™ (AWCL) for the 2026/27 and 2027/28 seasons. Moving forward, the winners of the Continent’s premier women’s club competition will be granted a direct slot in subsequent editions. Further, in the event the titleholder’s Member Association (MA) does not submit an entry to the AWCL, or is ineligible to participate, the titleholder slot shall be annulled and not be redistributed. Additionally, the country protection principle shall be applied for the Group Stage draw, should there be two (2) clubs from the same MA in the Group Stage. At the same time, it was agreed that the AFC Women’s Club Competitions Ranking of the 2024/25, 2025/26 and the 2026/27 seasons – to be published at the end of each edition – will determine the slot allocation for the 2026/27, 2027/28 and 2028/29 seasons respectively, with the same principles to apply moving forward. The Committee members were also presented with the current progress of the AFC Club Licensing Regulations Roadmap, which includes the proposed women’s club licensing criteria and aims to ensure that women’s clubs across Asia are given sufficient time to familiarise with the club licensing requirements whilst upholding the highest professional standards as the AFC strives to build a more competitive future for women’s club football. Meanwhile, the Competition Regulations of the AFC U17 Women’s Asian Cup™ 2027 and 2028 were approved by the Committee, which also received updates on all women’s football matters in the areas of Competitions, Referees, and Technical since their last meeting in November 2024. All decisions need to be ratified by the AFC Executive Committee before taking effect. Source : AFC Related Posts The 9th Meeting of the Executive Committee of the Vietnam Football Federation, Term IX (2022–2026) Leaders of the Vietnam Sports Administration and the Vietnam Football Federation (VFF) visited and encouraged the Vietnam U23 National Team ahead of the 2026 Asian Qualifiers LPBank is the Main Supporting Partner of the AFC U23 Asian Cup 2026 Qualifiers – Group C VFF and VPF introduce the book “25 Years of Vietnamese Professional Football Journey” Opening Ceremony of the ASEAN Police Football Open 2025 Same Category The 9th Meeting of the Executive Committee of the Vietnam Football Federation, Term IX (2022–2026) Leaders of the Vietnam Sports Administration and the Vietnam Football Federation (VFF) visited and encouraged the Vietnam U23 National Team ahead of the 2026 Asian Qualifiers LPBank is the Main Supporting Partner of the AFC U23 Asian Cup 2026 Qualifiers – Group C VFF and VPF introduce the book “25 Years of Vietnamese Professional Football Journey” Opening Ceremony of the ASEAN Police Football Open 2025 UEFA/AFC Women’s Football Development Workshop: Vietnam Reaffirms Commitment and Strategic Direction Prime Minister visits top Brazilian football club, promotes cooperation with Vietnam President Trần Quốc Tuấn and General Secretary Nguyễn Văn Phú attend the FIFA Executive Football Summit 2025 Coach Kim Sang Sik appointed as Honorary Ambassador for Korean Tourism The VFF and VPF Company meet and extend greetings to sports journalists and reporters on the occasion of June 21 Vietnam Women’s Football Development Strategy: The Aspiration to Rise VFF President congratulates Coach Henrique Calisto on being elected President of the National Association of Football Coaches of Portugal Coach Kim Sang Sik: “ASEAN All Stars will deliver an entertaining match against Manchester United.” Featured 25,000 online tickets to sell if VN enter AFF Cup’s semi-finals Vietnamese women’s football team rise one place in FIFA rankings Hosts earn first victory at Agribank Cup Opening AFC ‘C’ Coaching certificate course 2020 Suzuki supports Vietnam National Football Team FIFA Deputy Secretary-General: “Vietnam’s football is closer with international team" Vietnam Football Federation About Us Statutes Executive Committee Function Committees Function Departments Member Organizations Subordinate Units News Tickets VFF’s life Club Licensing Intermediaries Notification National Teams Men’s National team Men’s U11/u13 National Team National U14/u15 Team Men’s U15/U16/U17 National team Men’s U18/U19/U20 National team Men’s U22/u23/ Olympic National Team Women’s National Team Women’s U14 National Team Women’s U16 National Team Women’s U19 National Team Women’s Futsal National Team National Beach Soccer Team Tournaments National Competitions International Competitions International Friendly Tournaments International Football Southeast ASIA Football ASIAN Football World Football EURO Coaching Education News Training Commendation – Discipline Award Discipline Media Information Registration Gallery Video gallery Image gallery Liên đoàn Bóng đá Việt Nam - VFF facebook youtube Please note the source vff.org.vn when reissuing information from the website. Contact us. Editor-in-chief: Mrs.Nguyen Thu Ha. Deputy chief of editor: Mr. Ha Nhat Doan. VFF are not reponsible for all linked websites. Address: VFF - Le Quang Dao Str., Phu Do Ward, Nam Tu Liem Dist., Ha Noi City, Vietnam Tel: +84.4.2245998 Fax: +84.4.38233119. ICP license no. 184/GP-BC issued on 06/10/2005 Copyright © 2015-2019 Vietnam Football Federation. Web design by annhienco.com.vn