VFF - Add a new playground for the women's football movement facebook youtube Register | Login Tiếng Việt English About Us News National Teams National Competitions International Competitions Training Media Gallery Image gallery Video gallery The Law Legal Documents Sponsors Grassroots News Fixtures & Results Ranking Dilmah Cup Notification Regulations Add a new playground for the women’s football movement With the aim of further promoting the development of women’s football in Vietnam, VietFootball is organizing the first-ever National Women’s 7-a-side Football Championship. 11/11/2024 10:22:17 Movement / Community Grassroots News The tournament hopes to lay the foundation for gradually building an HPL (Hanoi Premier League) platform for women’s football and become a new milestone in the development of 7-a-side football in Vietnam. The goal of the tournament is to create an additional prestigious playground for female footballers, particularly in the increasingly popular 7-a-side format, contributing to spreading the women’s football movement, attracting more attention and investment. Although it is being held for the first time, the tournament has already gathered 8 strong teams from various provinces and cities across the country, including Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Ben Tre, and others. These teams are: SV Sư Phạm, Kun Lady, Quê Lụa, Paint Khang Cát, Phù Đổng Bến Tre, DNU, NEU, and UPES1. In its inaugural season, the organizing committee hopes to promote the spirit of love for football and make a meaningful contribution to the growth, development, and improvement of the standard of women’s football in Vietnam. Mr. Phạm Ngọc Tuấn, CEO of VietFootball Joint Stock Company and head of the organizing committee, expressed hope that the WVPL-S1 will become a top-tier 7-a-side football competition for women, further boosting the development of women’s football in Vietnam, attracting greater attention from the public, media, and social investment. At the opening ceremony, Ms. Lê Thị Hoàng Yến, Deputy Director of the General Department of Sports and Physical Training, stated that the tournament will provide a high-quality football platform for women and expressed hope that this will contribute to the development of women’s football. The tournament will take place from November 9 to November 17 at the Vietnam Youth Football Training Center. Related Posts Exciting Activities at the 2025 AFC Grassroots Football Day in Huế Excited for the AFC Women’s Football Festival 2025 VFF organizes AFC Grassroots Football Festival 2024 in Thanh Hoa Opening the Football for school in Vietnam training program FIFA supports the Football for School in Vietnam Same Category Exciting Activities at the 2025 AFC Grassroots Football Day in Huế Excited for the AFC Women’s Football Festival 2025 VFF organizes AFC Grassroots Football Festival 2024 in Thanh Hoa Opening the Football for school in Vietnam training program FIFA supports the Football for School in Vietnam VFF responds to AFC Grassroots Football Day 2023 True Love: BVB Legends 4-1 Vietnam All Stars VPL – S3 opening ceremony True Love – To The Future: BVB Legends travel to Vietnam 1st meeting of VFF Grassroots Football Committee in 2021 Leaders of VFF attended the opening ceremony of Press Cup 2020 Hanoi Qualifier Featured True Love: BVB Legends 4-1 Vietnam All Stars Opening the Football for school in Vietnam training program VPL – S3 opening ceremony True Love – To The Future: BVB Legends travel to Vietnam VFF responds to AFC Grassroots Football Day 2023 FIFA supports the Football for School in Vietnam Vietnam Football Federation About Us Statutes Executive Committee Function Committees Function Departments Member Organizations Subordinate Units News Tickets VFF’s life Club Licensing Intermediaries Notification National Teams Men’s National team Men’s U11/u13 National Team National U14/u15 Team Men’s U15/U16/U17 National team Men’s U18/U19/U20 National team Men’s U22/u23/ Olympic National Team Women’s National Team Women’s U14 National Team Women’s U16 National Team Women’s U19 National Team Women’s Futsal National Team National Beach Soccer Team Tournaments National Competitions International Competitions International Friendly Tournaments International Football Southeast ASIA Football ASIAN Football World Football EURO Coaching Education News Training Commendation – Discipline Award Discipline Media Information Registration Gallery Video gallery Image gallery Liên đoàn Bóng đá Việt Nam - VFF facebook youtube Please note the source vff.org.vn when reissuing information from the website. Contact us. Editor-in-chief: Mrs.Nguyen Thu Ha. Deputy chief of editor: Mr. Ha Nhat Doan. VFF are not reponsible for all linked websites. Address: VFF - Le Quang Dao Str., Phu Do Ward, Nam Tu Liem Dist., Ha Noi City, Vietnam Tel: +84.4.2245998 Fax: +84.4.38233119. ICP license no. 184/GP-BC issued on 06/10/2005 Copyright © 2015-2019 Vietnam Football Federation. Web design by annhienco.com.vn